dimple sir is an overweight rich spoiled
brat from Delhi Punjabi Bagh jo decide
can take care my gym join currently
camera hot and happening but net through
gym join Kathi around Kim Ellicott
Ranveer Singh akka sunny Singh savatya
Joe own key
father karaszewski bottom Ajanta Orozco
is thermal querque was cook on calculus
about side passing he's out there
Lincoln hamari up gets a take T need
story out of the three stories and it's
a very very very vibrant chapter in the
film because the other chapters are
Bombay and Lucknow so comparatively
Delhi's a little more energetic
so yeah that's onion yes I have from
Manchester Business School from 2006 to
2009 so up until 31st January of this
year I was working with Yash Raj Films
and I started working on the film in
February so I had no time absolutely and
I'm very glad because everything that
I've learnt is on the film said that was
my school so I don't think anybody can
get more hands-on experience than that
so I'm a guy it was a very quick
transition and I'm already working on my
second film now so I think I'm a super
student with you I remember that day
very very very vividly because I was in
my van I was ready to give this shot and
money she came to the van and said how
are you feeling so I said I'm feeling
fine let's go let's go
but when I went on set there were so
many people there was camera there was
everything but when he said action and
when he said cut I just felt like you
thought I I know this I can do it and I
just I that time I realized that it was
a shot of ranvier and me on the bike and
we're just chatting I was a technical
scene because you have marks and you
have to arrive at one point and have to
say the balance of the correct time and
so this great memory Manish atom bomb
little thing with loads of energy and
loads of intelligence Raina's heart and
soul is in her profession in a job
nothing gives her happiness more than
hearing praises from her bosses honestly
like she does
have any personal life because
everything that is there in the job I
think when we didn't shine the bottom of
my chapter is the player against a
player because both of them are equals
you know that is how they played because
she is no less and you know he is no
less she is uh she's oh she's a
no-nonsense corporate woman and to
follow her boss's orders she will go to
any lengths there she has been how do I
say that I know it sounds really cliche
as you know but he has been such a huge
support like you know everyone thought
that after marriage I will leave Mumbai
I will go away and it is only because of
this year that I've been able to
continue what I like doing in fact I
think I'm working a lot more than I have
ever gone before after marriage and
that's only thanks to him because this
is it okay you know what your work is
here I can manage my work from Mumbai I
should move here and I think that's like
a huge thing for me and yeah I think how
it has changed me we still feel like how
we used to when we were seeing each
other he's still traveling here as much
but I think I've definitely become a
little more responsible absolutely none
actually a dad and mom are amazing that
way mom is a teacher dad's a doctor and
there was no pressure on any of us me or
my sister to follow what they have done
and them if I know this dad if I wasn't
in this industry I would probably have
been a teacher because you know granddad
was and mom was but there was no
pressure on taking up science or
whatever it was always whatever you want
to do whatever you are happy doing and I
think I'm very lucky to have things like
that very first shot I think company
many actually go as can you say
parachute here I started with that and
also I go first so together I think the
first day we shot some things the
opening mountain where we were coming in
to go us so it was I think it's the
beginning of the go chapter also and
from actually shooting it together and
we used to always joke about that Cigna
these are the clothes
have never seen before because we shot
so much in those clothes and we shot a
wonderful scene in that in you know in
those closes same continuity but yeah
the first D was a fun shot and it was
all three ladies arriving and kind of
figuring out what to do
Manesh very difficult director to piece
he's never happy and but which is the
best thing about you know him being a
director and how every film office turns
out
oh no never always my parents said key
to my joke or no joke anemic
assimilative that actually who break
normalcy she's like a normal girl and
put the consulate esk has been cadet to
jockey total belly so uh it turnes if
snare just curly alive shaking her maybe
this this happened to me and she's
living like a normal anybody else
opening loss case a threat here in
bandar attack life musky it ball now
Iqbal Khan and what I or school concur
data so all of a sudden was key like mr.
Cootes open each other and she decides
all squares silic packet basic auto
Concord get outta here it took vishwas
Coubertin husband a waking yeah I she
trusted him was mistrust cut or the
other or snippy family could be involved
creditors cheese map named Louis Cuban
vol.1 carido Cadiz other toes collect a
key matter you know it's the emotional
abuse kamat helices Logitech him at
ladoga ready so Perry the couch new girl
T Prasad sticky let me do something
quandary under I think that thing is put
couch over here couch token a yes I
guess away too bad something very simple
CBC Lurky but what is a him majority and
she she fights back I think he's very
passionate and a fantastic director and
he's a wonderful person